Who are you?
Dare to come here to make trouble
Wang Yu, are you stupid?
Don't you know what we're here for?
We are looking for you to collect debts.
Hurry up and pay back the money your company owes my client
What do you owe you?
Your company is now an empty shell.
In debt, don't you know?
You're a shitty president
If you don't pay back the money, I want you to look good. The downloader is dirty.
Let go of me! I don't know anything
What are you doing?
Sorry Mr. Wang
When will the salary be sent to us?
When will you call us again?
you
Mr. Wang, it seems that the rumors are true
The Wang Group is now in deficit and debt
It's a ticking time bomb.
Wang Yu doesn't know anything
So stupid
No ability to run a company at all
Still smug here
No I don't want
Stop talking and shut up
I know it's you, right?
It's you who gave me the next set
That's right, it's me.
What if I give you the company?
I've already moved all the company's money
Leaving this debt-laden ruin
I just gave you this trash.
You bitch
How about this?
The taste of falling into the mud all at once
It's hard to talk
I'll kill you!
Kill me!
You think I'm still the right to be slaughtered by you
benefit?
You bereaved dog with nothing
Let's think about how to pay off the debt
Hahahahaha
Mr. Wang remembers to pay back the money
Come tomorrow night hahaha ah
He admitted that the spring breeze looked smug
Why is it so small?
Lin's
Is that you?
Zhang Heng
Put that bitch
Bring me the little bitch born of hooves